.TH "aiml" 3 "3 Feb 2006" "Version 0.6" "libaiml" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
aiml \- Namespace that holds the libaiml public interface.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcMatchLog\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis structure is used to hold the nodes of the tree that matched the user's input, that and topic. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBcCoreOptions\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOptions to configure the interpreter. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBcInterpreterCallbacks\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThis structure is used to receive notifications of events that libaiml generates. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBcInterpreter\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIlibaiml interpreter. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBAIMLError\fP { \fBAIMLERR_NO_ERR\fP, \fBAIMLERR_NO_FILES\fP, \fBAIMLERR_PATT_READERR\fP, \fBAIMLERR_PATT_UNKNOWN\fP, \fBAIMLERR_OPEN_GOSSIP\fP, \fBAIMLERR_NOT_INIT\fP, \fBAIMLERR_ALREADY_INIT\fP, \fBAIMLERR_NO_CFGFILE\fP, \fBAIMLERR_NO_USERLIST\fP, \fBAIMLERR_SYSTEM_NOT_ALLOWED\fP, \fBAIMLERR_JAVASCRIPT_NOT_ALLOWED\fP, \fBAIMLERR_JAVASCRIPT_PROBLEM\fP, \fBAIMLERR_EMPTY_INPUT\fP, \fBAIMLERR_NO_MATCH\fP, \fBAIMLERR_EMPTY_GM\fP, \fBAIMLERR_AIML_NOOPEN\fP, \fBAIMLERR_AIML_PARSE\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_NOMAGIC\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_NOTCAIML\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_NOOPEN_READ\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_NOVERSION\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_WRONGVERSION\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_NOSIZE\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_NOCHILDSNUM\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_NOKEY\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_NOTEMPLATE\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_EMPTYGM\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_NOOPEN_WRITE\fP, \fBAIMLERR_CAIML_INCORRECTSTRUCT\fP, \fBAIMLERR_TEMLP_UNKNOWN_TAG\fP, \fBAIMLERR_NEG_THAT_INDEX\fP, \fBAIMLERR_NEG_INPUT_INDEX\fP, \fBAIMLERR_MAX\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIError codes produced by libaiml. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Namespace that holds the libaiml public interface. 
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBaiml::AIMLError\fP"
.PP
Error codes produced by libaiml. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_NO_ERR \fP\fP
No error. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_NO_FILES \fP\fP
No aiml files specified to load. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_PATT_READERR \fP\fP
Read error while matching file patterns. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_PATT_UNKNOWN \fP\fP
Unknown error while matching file patterns. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_OPEN_GOSSIP \fP\fP
Couldn't open gossip file for writing. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_NOT_INIT \fP\fP
The core isn't yet initialized. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_ALREADY_INIT \fP\fP
The core is already initialized. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_NO_CFGFILE \fP\fP
Couldn't open/read configuration file. 
.PP
(use \fBcInterpreter::getRuntimeErrorStr()\fP). 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_NO_USERLIST \fP\fP
Error with userlist file. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_SYSTEM_NOT_ALLOWED \fP\fP
System tag is not allowed to be executed. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_JAVASCRIPT_NOT_ALLOWED \fP\fP
Javascript tag is not allowed to be executed. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_JAVASCRIPT_PROBLEM \fP\fP
Problem with JavaScript interpreter (use \fBcInterpreter::getRuntimeErrorStr()\fP). 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_EMPTY_INPUT \fP\fP
Normalization of input resulted in empty string. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_NO_MATCH \fP\fP
No match found for input. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_EMPTY_GM \fP\fP
Empty graphmaster (no categories loaded). 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_AIML_NOOPEN \fP\fP
Couldn't open aiml file. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_AIML_PARSE \fP\fP
AIML Parser error (use \fBcInterpreter::getRuntimeErrorStr()\fP). 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_NOMAGIC \fP\fP
Couldn't retrieve magic number from caiml file. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_NOTCAIML \fP\fP
Not a CAIML file. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_NOOPEN_READ \fP\fP
Couldn't open CAIML file for reading. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_NOVERSION \fP\fP
Couldn't get version from CAIML file. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_WRONGVERSION \fP\fP
CAIML file version not supported. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_NOSIZE \fP\fP
Couldn't get size of graphmaster (ie: number of templates) from CAIML file. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_NOCHILDSNUM \fP\fP
No size of childs for node in CAIML file. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_NOKEY \fP\fP
Coulnd't read key for node in CAIML file. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_NOTEMPLATE \fP\fP
Coulnd't read template for node in CAIML file. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_EMPTYGM \fP\fP
Can't save an empty graphmaster. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_NOOPEN_WRITE \fP\fP
Couldn't open CAIML file for writing. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_CAIML_INCORRECTSTRUCT \fP\fP
Caiml file is not correctly built. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_TEMLP_UNKNOWN_TAG \fP\fP
Unknown tag found while parsing template. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_NEG_THAT_INDEX \fP\fP
Negative index in 'that' tag found. 
.TP
\fB\fIAIMLERR_NEG_INPUT_INDEX \fP\fP
Negative index in 'input' tag found. 
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libaiml from the source code.
