.TH "aiml::cCoreOptions" 3 "3 Feb 2006" "Version 0.6" "libaiml" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
aiml::cCoreOptions \- Options to configure the interpreter.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcCoreOptions\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBfile_patterns\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISpace separated list of patterns of aiml files to be loaded. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBfile_gossip\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe path where to gossip (a file). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBuser_file\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIFile where user's data is saved. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBsentence_limit\fP"
.br
.RI "\fICharacters used to separate sentences. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBshould_trim_blanks\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIf the interpreter should treat multiple whitespace combinations as a single space. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBallow_system\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIf the interpreter should execute commands from <system> tags. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBallow_javascript\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIf the interpreter should execute code from <javascript> tags. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBallow_dateformat\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIf the interpreter should format date using the 'format' parameter. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Options to configure the interpreter. 
.PP
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cCoreOptions::cCoreOptions (void)"
.PP
Default constructor. 
.PP
This gives the default values to each of the parameters in this structure. Refer to the configuration file description to see which are those defaults.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libaiml from the source code.
